Test
It may be way too early to call the Trump rally over.
“I am not surprised by the reversal we have seen in relative performance between gold and US stocks so far in 2017.
In theory, the prospect of economic growth and rising inflation are bullish for the dollar, stocks, but bad news for assets like gold, which doesn’t bear a yield and is priced in dollars.
After all, stocks began 2016 with the worst start to a new year in history before regaining their footing and storming to new records.
Read: If you bought the Trump rumor, now it’s time to sell the newsDonald Trump told his Twitter followers to “buy L.L.
Bean comes as the group Grab Your Wallet advocates a boycott against the company due to Ms. Bean’s financial support of Trump.
@LBPerfectMaine — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 12, 2017Trump’s urging consumers to buy from L.L.
Bean tweet was hardly the first time Trump has singled out a company for praise — or scorn.
Lisa Gilbert of the group Public Citizen told MarketWatch that blasting out endorsements without thinking about the impact would be “irresponsible” of Trump.The average stock rating of 34 analysts surveyed by FactSet is the equivalent of overweight, while the average stock price target of $24.13 is 5.7% above current levels.
Bank of America Corp. is scheduled to report fourth-quarter results on Friday, before the market opens, as the banking giant attempts to stretch its streak of earnings beats to seven quarters.
The Estimize consensus is for revenue of $20.88 billionBofA’s revenue beat the FactSet consensus the previous two quarters, after missing for two straight quarters before that.
The last time the bank missed the FactSet EPS consensus was the first quarter of 2015.
See also: End of a stock market era: Alcoa breaks tradition of being first to report earnings.China is a wild cardThe biggest unknown for global inflation risks may lie with China.
“A sustained rise in global inflation is likely only if there is a widespread shift to expansionary fiscal and monetary policy,” said Kenningham.
The chart suggests that energy inflation will spike in early 2017 and average around 10% in the year as a whole, they said.
Read: The biggest global risks in 2017, from the World Economic ForumThe growth and inflation story gets more vulnerable when the outlook is pushed out.
Energy prices are no longer deflationary, but narrowing the “inflation watch” strictly to energy’s impact can be shortsighted.BuzzFeedThe sale ended at midnight and netted BuzzFeed more than $25,000, which the company said will be going to the Committee to Protect Journalism, a nonprofit dedicated to fighting for freedom of the press.
Donald Trump absolutely unloaded on BuzzFeed during his press conference Wednesday, calling the online media company “a failing pile of garbage” for releasing a dossier that showered the president-elect with all sorts of compromising allegations.
Read: At Golden Globes, the toughest anti-Trump jabs don’t even mention his name.
Incidently, the CPJ is the same organization that Meryl Streep asked — to great impact — the Golden Globes audience to donate to during her barbed speech.
Don’t miss: Every Trump tweet activates thousands of computer algorithmsBuzzFeed, in an impressively brief turnaround time, ran a flash sale that included all sorts of shirts, bumper stickers and, of course, this $49 garbage can, which quickly sold out its limited run of 100.Revenue: Revenue is expected to total $23.912 billion, up from $23.912 billion a year ago.
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. is scheduled to report fourth-quarter earnings before the bell on Friday, and investors are expecting another strong quarter for trading.
UBS is expecting J.P. Morgan’s return on tangible common equity to move closer to a midteen range by 2019 from about 12% currently.
Stock price action: Like many of its peers, J.P. Morgan stock has rallied since the presidential election, tacking on about 23% amid expectations for deregulation.
FactSet analysts have an average rating of overweight on the stock with an average stock price target of $87.19.The number skyrockets when it comes to certain products: 97% of those surveyed preferred digital bank statements and 75% preferred digital bills, while 76% of people prefer digital calendars and 85% prefer digital directions to paper maps.
It surveyed more than 2,000 people and found more than half (52%) prefer handwritten to-dos, only 21% of millennials do.
SuperStock/Superstock/Everett Collection Crossing completed task off a paper list just feels so good.
Don’t miss: 5 sentiments best expressed on paperEverything from banks to legal services and health care having gone virtual, despite the overwhelming preference for digital, there are many holdouts: 61% of Americans still prefer paper airline tickets and 63% prefer to read paper books rather than e-books.
However, the vast majority of Americans prefer to go digital in general, the survey found, at 86%.Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA, agreed that expectations are for Trump policies to lead to an improvement in 2017 earnings, but advised caution.
S&P 500 companies SPX, -0.28% are expected to report average earnings growth of 2.64% for the quarter, according to FactSet, after growth of 3.20% in the third quarter.
The big bad buckThe strong dollar will once again be an easy target for companies that look to redirect blame should sales and earnings growth disappoint.
This earnings season marks a break with a long-held tradition: Aluminum giant Alcoa AA, +3.62% will no longer be the first company to post earnings, following its split into two companies.
That was after four straight quarters of declining earnings and five straight quarter of declining sales.The mode currently allows the priciest Model S trim to achieve that same pace in 2.5 seconds.
Tesla Motors Inc. TSLA, +0.18% CEO Elon Musk tweeted earlier Thursday that early results around a software "Easter egg" are "promising" and could enable a Model S equipped with "ludicrous mode" to go from zero to 60 miles an hour in 2.34 seconds.
The boost would take the Model S around the same accelerating speeds of ultra-luxury cars such as Porsche's 918 Spyder and the concept car Faraday Future unveiled at the CES technology conference last week.Soybean futures rose to their highest level since mid-December Thursday after the U.S. Department of Agriculture cut its estimate on domestic production in 2016.
The government estimated soybean output at a record 4.307 billion bushels, but that's down 54 million from last month on lower yields.
March soybeans SH7, +2.77% traded at $10.34 a bushel in Chicago, up 2.2%.
"Total production and yield for the U.S. soybean crop were lowered more than traders had expected and any lowering of production in the face of growing global soybean demand is also going to make the markets nervous, particularly given the surge in soybean imports by China over the past year," said Sal Gilbertie, president and chief investment officer at Teucrium Trading LLC.“They go to Sears because it’s in the neighborhood, they have a card, or they want a Sears Craftsman product.”Bringing in shoppers rather than leveraging assets will have to be the focus going forward if Sears is going to survive.
Sears made a push into appliances in 2016, but Tatelbaum believes shoppers might be hesitant to buy.
Net losses in the third quarter were $748 million, as sales fell to $5.03 billion from $5.75 billion in the year-earlier period.
Last week, Sears SHLD, -2.09% announced it had sold its Craftsman tool brand for $900 million to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. SWK, +0.36% the latest move in an effort to keep the business going.
“Sears has lost its marketplace, especially when they take the Craftsman line away,” said Tatelbaum.And in Florida, two new fulfillment centers will add to the nine existing locations, which includes fulfillment and sortation centers.
Getty Images Amazon is creating jobs through the many fulfillment centers it has recently announcedAmazon.com Inc. said Thursday that it plans to add 100,000 full-time, full-benefit jobs across the U.S. over the next 18 months, many of which will be at fulfillment centers that are currently under construction.
It has previously announced new fulfillment centers in a number of states including Texas, California and New Jersey.
See also: Amazon’s aggressive warehouse and shipping strategy is paying offIn Texas, for instance, 1,000 new full-time jobs will be created at a new Houston location.
However, the number of actual full-time jobs these sorts of marketplaces create are small, MarketWatch found.